en,zh: add v1.6.4 release notes (#2954)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/releases/release-1.6.4.md

---
title: TiDB Operator 1.6.4 Release Notes
summary: Learn about new features in TiDB Operator 1.6.2.
---

> # TiDB Operator 1.6.3 Release Notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TiDB Operator 1.6.4 Release Notes
```

> Release date: Oct 18, 2025

Reviewer: Ref: https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/releases/tag/v1.6.4

TiDB Operator version: 1.6.4

## New features

> - Add a periodical sync to kernel. If the operator state is inconsistent with the kernel, operator will change the status of logBackup CR, and try to sync with kernel ( eventually make kernel reach the desired state) in the future reconcile. ([#6033](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/6147), [@RidRisR](https://github.com/RidRisR))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a periodic status synchronization mechanism for log backups. If the status of TiDB Operator is inconsistent with the actual status of the underlying backup task in the TiDB cluster, TiDB Operator updates the `logBackup` CR status and attempts to synchronize with the underlying task during subsequent reconcile processes until the status reaches the expected state. ([#6147](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/6147), [@RidRisR](https://github.com/RidRisR))
```
